feat(scripts): update README to include confirming AWS profile (#15382)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: scripts/deploy/README.md

**IMPORTANT**: All scripts will do a dryrun by default. **Always** do a dryrun before deploying for real. After you have inspected your dryrun, run the actual deploy by passing the optional `--deploy` flag.

Additionally, the Promote Sandbox to Staging and Staging to Production scripts will prompt you to confirm that you are using the correct AWS profile. Press either `y` to confirm and proceed or `n` to cancel.

> 

Author: @ecormany can you proofread this when you get the chance?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the `promote-to-staging` and `promote-to-production` scripts will confirm that you are using the correct AWS profile. At the prompt, enter either `y` to confirm and proceed or `n` to cancel.

```
sth like this. "press" -> "enter" because you have to submit it (just the Y or N keystroke doesn't perform the action).

Author: ooh yes, this is much clearer. thank you!!
